doc: improve docs around running javascript tests (#49022)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/writing-tests.md

  exit gracefully. Remember that for a test to succeed, it must exit with a
  status code of 0.

> ## Running tests

Reviewer: Not blocking this pull request but a suggestion for someone motivated to do it: This PR might contain information that we don't have elsewhere, but we do have "how to run tests" information in both BUILDING.md and doc/contributing/pull-requests.md. Not blocking on this pull request for this, but it would probably be good to consolidate how-to-run-tests info in one place and then put links to the One True Source Of Information in the docs that we remove it from. Part of me wants to suggest putting it all in `test/README.md`, but any of the places where it exists now would be fine, including the one being created in this PR.

> All tests can be executed by running the `jstest` target:

Reviewer 2: It won't run all the tests, as its name implies it's only a subset of them.
```suggestion
Running the `jstest` target will execute all the tests for the `node` binary:
```

Reviewer 3: I think there is still a catch in this...that `internet` tests aren't run with `make jstest` 😂

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Running the `jstest` target will execute all the tests for the `node` binary
except those which require internet access:
```

```bash

> make jstest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make jstest -j12
```

```

> A filter can be applied to only run specific tests:
> 
> ```bash
> make jstest test/parallel/test-debugger-pid.js test/sequential/test-debugger-pid.js test/sequential/test-debugger-launch.mjs
> ```

Reviewer 2: I don't think that's true, it runs the full test suite for me.

````suggestion
A filter can be applied to only run specific tests:

```bash
./tools/test.py test/parallel/test-debugger-pid.js test/sequential/test-debugger-pid
```
````
